Our project is about a recycling factory Java simulation. We want to make a financial study with two phases: one with employees and one with sensors. There will be a main path that the material goes through, and the employee separates it depending on its material type: plastic, glass, paper, metal. It will be random values each time we run the simulation for the order of the materials, and the same order will go to the next phase with sensors doing the job. We compare the time, the objects done, errors by the employee, and other metrics.

We have a project in Java that should use all OOP ideas, and it should be a simulation with two phases. Phase one will be the problem simulation, and the second phase is the solution. The idea is that there is a recycling factory that works on employee judgment on what the material is. They take more time, which will cost the factory. The solution is an automated factory that has sensors to sort the materials automatically. The simulation should be the user inputs the amount in tons of materials entering the factory. Then we will generate a random list of objects that will go through the employees' factory in 9 hours with breaks, and then the same list goes to the automated factory. It will work for 9 hours, then we will compare the metrics we got to show how good the solution is. The simulation will show the items moving in a line, then it will stop in the sorting place till the employee identifies it and sorts it. Also, for the automatic factory, the GUI in JavaFX.




